Reorganize crates (#1540)
input-output-hk/mithril: README.md

* [**Mithril signer**](./mithril-signer): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for producing individual signatures that are collected and aggregated by the **Mithril aggregator**.

> * [**Internal**](./internal): shared tools and api used by **Mithril** crates.
> 
>   * [**Mithril build script**](./internal/mithril-build-script): A toolbox for Mithril crates that need a build scripts phase.
> 
>   * [**Mithril doc**](./internal/mithril-doc): an api that generate markdown documentation of a crate command lines arguments.
> 
>   * [**Mithril doc derive**](./internal/mithril-doc-derive): macro implementation for **Mithril Doc**.
> 
>   * [**Mithril persistence**](./internal/mithril-persistence): the **persistence** library that is used by the **Mithril network** nodes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Internal**](./internal): the shared tools and API used by **Mithril** crates.

  * [**Mithril build script**](./internal/mithril-build-script): a toolbox for Mithril crates using a build scripts phase.

  * [**Mithril doc**](./internal/mithril-doc): an API that generates markdown documentation for a crate command lines arguments.

  * [**Mithril doc derive**](./internal/mithril-doc-derive): a macro implementation used by **Mithril doc**.

  * [**Mithril persistence**](./internal/mithril-persistence): the **persistence** library that is used by the **Mithril network** nodes.

```
